AFCircularGestureRecognizer
=============

[AFCircularGestureRecognizer](http://accidentalfish.wordpress.com/2011/01/04/afcirculargesturerecognizer/) is an [UIGestureRegocnizer](http://developer.apple.com/iphone/library/documentation/uikit/reference/UIGestureRecognizer_Class/Reference/Reference.html) subclass that detects a circular gesture.

The class allows for a gesture "corridor" to be defined by specifiying an inner and outer radius. If the user strays outside of the defined corridor then the gesture recognition is cancelled. The gesture is captured fairly coarsely just looking for a touch with each quarter of the circle. The recognizer makes no attempt to track the direction and allows backtracking.

If you make use of this class or fork it then a comment on my [blog](http://accidentalfish.wordpress.com/2011/01/04/afcirculargesturerecognizer/) is appreciated - it's always fun to see where code is being used.

Example
=======
An example XCode project is included in the source to show how to implement it into your own code.

License
=======

This code is distributed under the terms and conditions of the MIT license. 

Copyright (c) 2011 Accidental Fish Ltd.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
